What location does fairy ring code AIP teleport you to?
Zanaris

What location does fairy ring code AJR teleport you to?
Kandarin: Slayer cave south-east of Rellekka (Fremennik Slayer Dungeon)

What location does fairy ring code AKQ teleport you to?
Kandarin: Piscatoris Hunter area

What location does fairy ring code AKS teleport you to?
Feldip Hills: Jungle Hunter area

What location does fairy ring code ALQ teleport you to?
Morytania: Haunted Woods east of Canifis

What Firemaking level is required to burn Achey logs?
1

What Firemaking level is required to burn Maple logs?
45

What Firemaking level is required to burn Yew logs?
60

What Firemaking level is required to burn Elder logs?
90

How many variants of the dragonfire shield exist?
4

Do waterfiends have an elite Slayer variant?
Yes

Do harpie bug swarms have an elite Slayer variant?
Yes

Do Cyclipses have an elite Slayer variant?
Yes

Do goblins have an elite Slayer variant?
No

What is the primary currency used in The Arc?
Chimes

What is the first island players arrive at in The Arc?
Waiko

Who assigns Slayer contracts on Aminishi in The Arc?
Ling

Which quest unlocks access to The Arc?
Impressing the Locals

From which port do players sail to The Arc?
Port Sarim

What Woodcutting level is required to cut bamboo in The Arc?
90

What title is awarded for fully completing The Arc?
Salty

Which island is the furthest east in The Arc?
Goshima

What reward is given for finding a castaway in The Arc?
Taijitu

What is Menaphos also known as?
The Golden City

Which quest is required to access Menaphos?
The Jack of Spades

How many districts does Menaphos have?
4

In which region is Menaphos located?
Kharidian Desert

What title is awarded for completing most content in Menaphos?
Sandy

What minigame is found in each district of Menaphos?
Shifting Tombs

In which city does The Jack of Spades quest begin?
Al Kharid

What Hunter creature requires level 73 Hunter to catch in Menaphos?
Plover bird

Which god controls the Pharaoh of Menaphos?
Amascut

Which city is connected to Menaphos via a bridge?
Sophanem

Which district of Menaphos contains acadia trees and the Golden Palace?
Imperial

What Woodcutting level is required to cut acadia trees in Menaphos?
50

Who is the ruler of Lumbridge?
Duke Horacio

Which kingdom is Lumbridge part of?
Misthalin

Which river runs through Lumbridge?
River Lum

What is the name of the quest given by the Lumbridge cook?
Cook's Assistant

Which shop in Lumbridge repairs Barrows armour?
Bob's Brilliant Axes

Which god is worshipped in the Lumbridge church?
Saradomin

Which guild is accessed via a trapdoor above the Lumbridge furnace?
Thieves' Guild

Which underground city is accessed from the Lumbridge castle basement?
Dorgesh-Kaan

Who is the owner of the Thieves' Guild in Lumbridge?
Darren Lightfinger

Who owns the farm north of Lumbridge castle?
Fred the Farmer

Which two gods fought in the Battle of Lumbridge?
Zamorak and Saradomin

Who is the ruler of Varrock?
King Roald

Which kingdom is Varrock part of?
Misthalin

Which two guilds are located just outside Varrock's walls?
Cooks' Guild and Champions' Guild

What is the name of the dungeon beneath Varrock containing moss giants and deadly red spiders?
Varrock Sewers

What was Varrock's original name?
Avarrocka

Which tavern in Varrock is home to Dr. Harlow?
Blue Moon Inn

Which shop in Varrock teleports players to the Rune Essence mine?
Aubury's Rune Shop

Which quest involving King Roald grants access to Morytania?
Priest in Peril

Which kingdom is Ardougne part of?
Kandarin

Which river is Ardougne named after?
River Dougne

Which quest unlocks the Ardougne Teleport spell?
Plague City

What are the two sections of Ardougne called?
West Ardougne and East Ardougne

Which city can players sail to from Ardougne, and how much does it cost?
Brimhaven for 30 coins

Which two sons divided Ardougne between them?
Tyras and Lathas

What is the name of the zoo in Ardougne?
Ardougne Zoo

Which exclusive guild is located in Yanille?
Wizards' Guild

What Magic level is required to enter the Wizards' Guild in Yanille?
66

Which creatures beset Yanille from the south and west?
Ogres

Which quest is started just outside the north-west wall of Yanille?
Watchtower

What Construction level is required to move your player-owned house to Yanille?
50

What is the name of the tavern in Yanille?
Dragon Inn

Which city lies to the south of Yanille?
Ardougne

Which ogre city lies to the south of Yanille?
Gu'Tanoth

Which kingdom is Falador the capital of?
Asgarnia

Which guild is located in the south-eastern section of Falador, close to the east bank?
Mining Guild

Who rules Falador in place of the ailing King Vallance?
Sir Amik Varze

What is the name of the only bar in Falador?
Rising Sun Inn

What is at the centre of Falador, serving as the home of the White Knights?
White Knights' Castle

Which Falador location serves as a hub for training Smithing and earning respect?
Artisans' Workshop

Which quest must be completed to access Prifddinas?
Plague's End

Prifddinas is the capital city of which region?
Tirannwn

How many elven clan districts does Prifddinas have?
8

What is the name of the central hub structure in Prifddinas?
Tower of Voices

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Farming and Woodcutting?
Crwys

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Mining and Smithing?
Trahaearn

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Melee and Slayer?
Iorwerth

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Agility and Prayer?
Hefin

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Magic and Ranged?
Cadarn

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Summoning and Divination?
Amlodd

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Crafting and Construction?
Ithell

Which Prifddinas clan district is associated with Dungeoneering and Herblore?
Meilyr

What is the name of the feature that boosts two Prifddinas districts at a time, changing every hour?
Voice of Seren

Which Slayer master is found in the Iorwerth district, requiring 85 Slayer and combat level 120?
Morvran

Which exclusive guild is located in the Cadarn district of Prifddinas?
Max Guild

What material is produced by playing the harps in the Ithell district?
Harmonic dust

Which agility course in Prifddinas is considered one of the best in the game?
Hefin Agility Course

What is the name of the AFK Agility training method in the Hefin district?
Serenity posts

What Mining training method in the Trahaearn district works similarly to ivy, requiring level 89?
Seren Stones

What fairy ring code teleports players to the Amlodd district of Prifddinas?
DJS

What are the special farming patches in the Meilyr district called?
Harmony pillars

In which age was Prifddinas originally created?
First Age

What is the name of the weekly D&D in the Iorwerth district?
Rush of Blood

What items do Hefin monks sell that are used to cleanse the Corrupted Seren Stone?
Cleansing crystals

What material do the Seren Stones in the Trahaearn district produce when mined?
Corrupted ore

What is Prifddinas also commonly known as?
Crystal City

Which clan leader in Prifddinas can upgrade dragon tools into crystal tools for 4,000 harmonic dust each?
Lady Ithell

Which NPC in the Amlodd district rewards players for catching one of each impling?
Daffyd

Which elven clan leader waits at the gate of Prifddinas to greet the player upon their first visit?
Arianwyn

What item is crafted from Ithell crystal sandstone using the robust glassmaking machine?
Crystal flask

Which god reshaped Prifddinas entirely from crystals?
Seren

From which homeworld did the elves travel to Gielinor before founding Prifddinas?
Tarddiad

What plant grows on Harmony pillars in the Meilyr district and is used to make perfect juju potions?
Harmony moss

Due to which conflict was Prifddinas reverted to crystal seed form before being restored in Plague's End?
Elven Civil War

What is the actual name of Barbarian Village, as learned during the Gunnar's Ground quest?
Gunnarsgrunn

Who is the current leader of Barbarian Village?
Chieftain Gunthor

Which dungeon can be accessed through a hole in the mining area of Barbarian Village?
Stronghold of Security

Which quest must be completed to unlock the spas and shops in Oo'glog?
As a First Resort

In which region is Oo'glog located?
Feldip Hills

Who is the leader of Oo'glog?
Chief Tess

Which Oo'glog spa grants unlimited run energy?
Salt-water spring

Which Oo'glog spa boosts the player's Hunter level by 10% and removes their scent while hunting?
Mud bath

Which Oo'glog spa fully restores prayer points and temporarily boosts them to 10% over maximum?
Sulphur spring

Which Oo'glog spa marks players as a follower of Bandos for one hour?
Bandos pool

Which Oo'glog spa heals the player, cures poison, and grants poison immunity?
Thermal bath

What type of creatures inhabit Oo'glog?
Ogresses

What item allows players to carry six doses of Oo'glog spa water to use elsewhere?
Ogre flask

What Mining level is required to mine the red sandstone rock just north of Oo'glog?
81

Which type of tree, found only in Oo'glog, is unique to that location in all of RuneScape?
Eucalyptus

In which region is Al Kharid located?
Kharidian Desert

Which Al Kharid shop sells scimitars from bronze up to adamant?
Zeke's Superior Scimitars

Which members-only minigame is found in the south-east of Al Kharid?
Sorceress's Garden

Who is the spymaster of Al Kharid, found just outside the palace?
Osman

How much does a kebab cost at Karim's kebab shop in Al Kharid?
1 coin

What are the primary ore types found in the Al Kharid mine?
Silver and gold rocks

In which kingdom is Port Sarim located?
Asgarnia

Which destination can all players sail to from the west dock of Port Sarim for 30 coins?
Karamja

What is the name of the inn in Port Sarim?
The Rusty Anchor

Which Port Sarim shop sells runes, eyes of newt, and wizard hats?
Betty's Magic Emporium

Which quest is started by talking to Redbeard Frank in Port Sarim?
Pirate's Treasure

Which island can members travel to from the north dock of Port Sarim, but no weapons or armour are allowed?
Entrana

Which destination can members reach from the centre dock of Port Sarim by talking to a squire?
Void Knights' Outpost

Wendlewick is the largest settlement in which new region?
Havenhythe

Which quest must be started to first access Wendlewick?
Visions of Havenhythe

From which city does Captain Lorris sail players to Wendlewick?
Port Sarim

Which three leaders guide the people of Wendlewick?
Adam, Esther and Zeke

What unique Fishing feature is located on the docks west of Wendlewick?
Wendlewick fish farm

Which four fish can be cultivated at the Wendlewick fish farm?
Lobsters, swordfish, sharks and giant crayfish

What Woodcutting level is required to cut creeping ivy in Wendlewick?
35

What is the name of the tavern in Wendlewick?
Burnt Lobster Tavern

What instrument must players craft for Dalia the lumberjack in Wendlewick to unlock her tree plots?
Lute

What material, made from cooked meat, is used to string the lute for Dalia?
Sinew

What is the name of the candle shop in Wendlewick?
Wendle's Wicks

Which boss found in Havenhythe is named after a king?
Ivar, King of Bones

What is the name of the Havenhythe boss described as a Dreadhog?
Silverquill, the Dreadhog

On which coast of Havenhythe is Wendlewick located?
West coast

Which dangerous area borders Edgeville?
The Wilderness

What kingdom is Edgeville located in?
Misthalin

What was Edgeville originally called during early development?
Ghost Town

What major trading hub is located east of Edgeville?
Grand Exchange

What type of tree can be found south of the Edgeville bank?
Yew tree

What is located in the center of Edgeville that players frequently use?
Furnace

Why is the Edgeville bank popular for Runecrafting?
Because it is close to the Abyss

Which NPC can teleport players to the Abyss near Edgeville?
Mage of Zamorak

Which Slayer Master was historically located in the Edgeville Dungeon?
Vannaka

What minigame portal can be found near Edgeville?
Soul Wars portal

What type of environment is Karamja known for?
Tropical island

What is the name of the main free-to-play area on Karamja?
Musa Point

How much does it cost to travel to Karamja from Port Sarim (normally)?
30 coins

What item are players not allowed to take off Karamja due to customs rules?
Karamjan rum

What resource does Musa Point commonly export to Asgarnia?
Bananas

What city is located underneath the Karamja volcano?
TzHaar City

What Runecrafting altar is located on Karamja?
Nature altar

Which quest is required to access Shilo Village?
Shilo Village

Which town lies directly south of Burthorpe?
Taverley

What dangerous region lies north of Burthorpe?
Troll Stronghold

What guild located in Burthorpe focuses on melee combat?
Warriors' Guild

What distraction and diversion takes place near Burthorpe?
Troll Invasion

Which major city lies southeast of Taverley?
Falador

What type of village is Catherby known as (based on its main activity)?
Fishing village

What dangerous area lies to the east of Catherby?
White Wolf Mountain

What patch types can be found north of Catherby?
Allotment patches

What type of trees are found to the west of Catherby?
Maple trees

Which race lives in the Tree Gnome Stronghold?
Gnomes

Who is the leader of the Tree Gnome Stronghold?
King Narnode Shareen

What significant structure is at the center of the Tree Gnome Stronghold?
The Grand Tree

What sporting field can be found in the Tree Gnome Stronghold?
Gnome Ball field

Which two farming patches are found in the gnome stronghold?
Tree patch and fruit tree patch

Which monster(s) drops Light mystic hat?
Wall beast and Basilisk

Which monster(s) drops Brine sabre?
Brine rat

Which monster(s) drops Circular hide?
Dagannoth (Ranged)

Which monster(s) drops Dark bow?
Dark beast

Which monster(s) drops Kaigi's journal pages?
Airut

Which monster(s) drops Gemstone hauberk?
Hydrix dragon

How many Explosive components do you get from disassembling a Hand cannon?
7 (28 if level 9)

How many Ilujankan components do you get from disassembling a Zaros Godsword?
2 (8 if level 9)

Which monster(s) drops components for the Penny pet?
Shadow creature

Which monster(s) drops components for the Upgraded bone blowpipe?
Dinosaur

Which monster(s) drops Laceration boots?
Dinosaur

Which monster(s) drop Blast diffusion boots?
Vile bloom

Which monster(s) drop the Steadfast, Glaiven and Ragefire boots?
Glacor

How many different codices can be made with Vital sparks?
3

How many different abilities can be bought from the Shattered worlds shop?
4

What is a Corrupted gem used for?
It may be used together with 1,000 Slayer points to upgrade a mighty slayer helmet to a corrupted slayer helmet.

Can you get a Dragon mattock from Triskelion Treasures?
No

Can you get an Onyx from Triskelion Treasures?
Yes

Which monster(s) drops the Static, Pneumatic and Tracking gloves?
Automaton

Which monster(s) drops the Amulet of Ranging?
Aquanite

Which Strykewyrm drops the Hexcrest?
Jungle Strykewyrm

Which Strykewyrm drops the Focus sight?
Desert Strykewyrm

Which Strykewyrm drops the Staff of Light?
Ice Strykewyrm

How many different Raptor key parts do you need for a full key?
4.

Which quest requires 30,000 Vessel souls?
Alpha vs Omega

Which quest gives the highest quest point reward of 10?
Recipe for Disaster

Which animal is Experiment No.2?
A mutated mouse

What is the name of the Goblin that ran the Squeel of Fortune?
Yelps

What god do the goblins belong to?
Bandos

What do you need to start a fight against Giant Mimic?
A mimic kill token

Which boss drops a (..) tongue cape?
The Gaint Mimic

What is the name of the item you get when you roll on the Hazelmere's signet ring table, but don't have tier 4 luck active?
Cheese+tom batta

What is the highest level of Necromancy memento?
Powerful memento

What is the name of the bowstring of the Bow of the Last Guardian?
Divine bowstring

Which hilt can not be obtained from Godwars dungeon 1?
Ancient Hilt

Which combat styles don't have a weapon that is dropped by Nex?
Necromancy and melee

Does the Ancient artefact unlock Vitalis or Bombi pet?
Bombi

Which creature with fiend in the name can be bound into a binding contract?
Waterfiend

Which skill came out after Divination, but before Archaeology?
Invention

Which skill came out after Summoning, but before Divination?
Dungeoneering

Does Anachronia have a rune shop?
Yes

How much extra XP do the XP relics (Inspire Love, Effort, Genius and Awe) give?
2%

Where does Evil bob the evil cat live?
ScapeRune

Which type of unfinished potion is used to create a Goblin potion?
Toadflax potion (unfinished)

Which skills are required to be level 80 in order to unlock the Invention skill?
Divination, Smithing and Crafting

Which colour is the rarest type of reward from Prawn balls?
Golden (Golden mystery egg and Golden prawn cracker, both at 1/200)






What is the total XP boost from wearing the full Farmer's outfit?
6%

What are the requirements to wear the Master farmer outfit?
80 Farming and 20 Invention

What XP bonus do Farming urns provide when carried in the inventory?
20% (25% with an urn enhancer)

What chance does the Farming cape give to instantly harvest all remaining resources from a crop per action?
5%

What does the Farming master cape automatically treat farming patches with for free?
Supercompost

What chance does the Juju farming potion give to gather an additional herb per action at herb patches?
33%

What chance do Magic secateurs give to save a harvest life when gathering from allotments, hops, and herb patches?
10%

Which Farming item gives a 10% chance to recover seeds when harvesting a fully grown patch?
Scroll of life

Which NPC found at farming patches can note harvested produce for free?
Tool leprechaun

Which item clears a harvestable farming patch instantly, giving produce as bank notes?
Patch bomb

Which relic power prevents herb patches and mushroom patches from becoming diseased?
Pharm Ecology

How frequently do Demon Flash Mobs spawn?
Hourly

How many imp heralds make up a Demon Flash Mob?
6

Which is the only prayer that does NOT make the demon boss stronger when used?
Protect Item

How frequently do Goblin Raids spawn?
Every 30 minutes

Who leads the Goblin Raiders in a Goblin Raid?
Hollowtoof

Are Goblin Raids free-to-play?
Yes

How many Goblin Raiders must be killed before Hollowtoof becomes attackable?
10

Which NPC awards players resources after a Goblin Raid is defeated?
Commander Yodri

What is described as the strongest non-degradable melee armour available to free-to-play players, dropped by Hollowtoof?
Gud raider equipment

Which quest serves as an introduction to the Summoning skill?
Wolf Whistle

What is the maximum Summoning level free-to-play players can train to?
5

Who is the Summoning skill master introduced during the Wolf Whistle quest?
Pikkupstix

From which realm are familiars summoned in the Summoning skill?
Spirit Plane

At which structure must players infuse items to create Summoning pouches?
Obelisk

What total XP boost does wearing the full Shaman's outfit provide?
6%

How many scrolls does one Summoning pouch convert into at an obelisk?
10

What non-tradeable ingredient is always required when making any Summoning pouch?
Charms

What common ingredient is required for most Summoning pouches, with anywhere from 1 to 222 needed per pouch?
Spirit shards

What replaces spirit shards when creating pouches that use elder charms, such as the nihil familiars?
Elder energy

Besides interacting with obelisks, how else can players restore Summoning points?
Summoning potion or super restore

By how much does the Spirit Weaver relic power increase base XP from creating Summoning pouches?
50%

How many familiars can a player have summoned at the same time?
Only one

In which year was the Summoning skill released?
2008

Which Summoning familiar can be created at level 4, using gold charms and raw chicken?
Dreadfowl

What are the four types of charms used in the Summoning skill?
Gold, green, crimson and blue

What skill type is Summoning classified as?
Combat

What is the name of the Summoning skilling pet?
Shamini

In which region is the Barrows located?
Morytania

What are the names of the original six Barrows Brothers?
Ahrim, Dharok, Guthan, Karil, Torag and Verac

Which quest adds Akrisae the Doomed to the Barrows Brothers encounter?
Ritual of the Mahjarrat

Which quest adds Linza the Disgraced to the Barrows Brothers encounter?
Kindred Spirits

Which item has a direct teleport to the Barrows, obtained from The Branches of Darkmeyer quest?
Drakan's medallion

How many players can participate in the Barrows: Rise of the Six?
1 to 4

Which Barrows Brother is nicknamed 'the Blighted'?
Ahrim the Blighted

Which Barrows Brother is nicknamed 'the Wretched'?
Dharok the Wretched

Which Barrows Brother is nicknamed 'the Infested'?
Guthan the Infested

Which Barrows Brother is nicknamed 'the Tainted'?
Karil the Tainted

Which Barrows Brother is nicknamed 'the Corrupted'?
Torag the Corrupted

Which Barrows Brother is nicknamed 'the Defiled'?
Verac the Defiled

Which additional Barrows member is nicknamed 'the Disgraced', unlocked after Kindred Spirits?
Linza the Disgraced

Which additional Barrows member is nicknamed 'the Doomed', unlocked after Ritual of the Mahjarrat?
Akrisae the Doomed

Which NPC personality can be found at the Barrows?
Strange Old Man

What was the Wilderness previously known as in RuneScape lore?
Forinthry

Which NPC near the Edgeville bank must players speak to in order to opt into PvP in the Wilderness?
Vala

In which year was the Wilderness released?
2001

What are two common nicknames for the Wilderness?
Wildy and Wild

Which ring, unlocked after Spirit of Summer, lets players access the Spirit Realm from the Wilderness regardless of Wilderness level?
Jennica's ring

What type of terrain does the deep northern Wilderness gradually become?
Frozen wasteland

How long does a Teleport Block spell disable all teleportation for?
5 minutes

After completing which set of achievements can players choose their destination when using Wilderness obelisks?
Hard Wilderness achievements

Where do skulled players respawn if they die in the dangerous Wilderness?
Edgeville

What did Jagex sell at Diango's stall as a joke for the 2008 April Fools event, in response to player demands for a dragon kiteshield?
A dragon kite (toy kite)

The 2016 Thanksgiving turkey-finding event was described as similar to which existing D&D?
Penguin Hide and Seek

What currency is earned through skilling activities in the 2025 Christmas Village?
Christmas spirit

What is the name of the boss that appears in the Snowball Arena 45 minutes past each hour in the 2025 Christmas event?
Snowverload

Which race rules Morytania?
Vampyres

What is the capital city of Morytania?
Darkmeyer

Which quest must players complete to first access Morytania?
Priest in Peril

Which type of creature inhabits Canifis, disguised as humans?
Werewolves

Which Morytanian port town is inhabited almost entirely by ghosts who charge 2 ecto-tokens for entry?
Port Phasmatys

Which town is described as the last free human settlement in Morytania?
Burgh de Rott

Which Morytanian castle is home to the Drakan overlords and is the main setting of River of Blood?
Castle Drakan

What is the dominant religion of Morytania?
Zamorakian

Where in Morytania can players fight Araxxor and Araxxi?
Araxyte Hive

Which Morytanian Archaeology dig site was the first settlement of the icyene race when they arrived in Gielinor?
Everlight

What fairy ring code takes players to Canifis in Morytania?
CKS

How much do Capes of Accomplishment cost to buy?
99,000 coins

What causes a skillcape to become trimmed?
A second level 99 skill

Which skillcape perk prevents all food from burning while cooking?
Cooking cape

Who sells the Agility cape at the Brimhaven Agility Arena?
Cap'n Izzy No-Beard

Which skillcape provides unlimited teleports to any resource dungeon?
Dungeoneering cape

Who sells the Farming cape and where?
Martin the Master Gardener in Draynor Village

Who sells the Dungeoneering cape south of Daemonheim?
Thok, Master of Dungeoneering

Which skillcape gives a 2% chance for degradable items not to degrade?
Attack cape

Who sells the Divination cape south of Draynor Village?
Orla Fairweather

How much does a Cape of Accomplishment cost when wearing an activated ring of charos?
92,000 coins

What level is required to buy a Master Cape of Accomplishment?
Level 120

During which age did the God Wars take place?
The Third Age

Who initiated the God Wars?
Zamorak

What did the Edicts of Guthix prevent?
Major gods from setting foot on Gielinor
4
Which race was completely wiped out on Gielinor during the God Wars?
The Aviansie

Who was the Zarosian champion imprisoned in the Jaldraocht Pyramid?
Azzanadra

Which city did vampyres and werewolves conquer, turning the Hallowland into Morytania?
Hallowvale

Which Elder God enslaved Kerapac?
Jas

What two weapons does Kerapac bring with him into battle?
The Staff of Armadyl and the Needle

What title do you earn by obtaining all of Kerapac's unique drops?
Timeweaver [Name]

How many players can fight Kerapac at once?
1 to 3

Which Slayer masters assign Kerapac as a task?
Morvran and Laniakea

What does TzKal-Zuk's name mean?
Zuk, Champion of the Fire

What was Zuk before he became a demigod?
A human warrior

Which god freed Zuk from Bandos' chains?
Ful

How many waves must players complete before fighting TzKal-Zuk?
17

What item is guaranteed if you complete the entire encounter without using a checkpoint?
An igneous stone

What is the special attack of the Zaros godsword called?
Blackhole

What special attack does the Saradomin godsword have, and what does it do?
Healing Blade - deals melee damage and heals you for 50% of the damage dealt

What does the Eldritch crossbow's special attack do?
Converts Soul Split healing into damage dealt to the target for 15 seconds

What ring reduces the adrenaline cost of special attacks by 10%?
The ring of vigour

What does the Noxious scythe's special attack summon?
A mirrorback spider

Can special attacks be automatically activated by Revolution?
No

What is the only type of giant that got a boss version of it?
Hill Giant

How many different variants of partyhats are there ingame?
8 (White, blue, green, yellow, red, purple, black, gold)

Which iconic food item could be obtained from the 2001 Halloween event?
Pumpkin

Which iconic food item could be obtained from the 2002 Easter event?
Easter egg

What is the most common ore rock in the Ancient Cavern?
Mithril ore rock

Which item has the highest chance to get Clockwork components?
Dwarf multicannon (40% chance to get 4!)

Nuludion's Multicannon Shop sells 3 items: Dwarf multicannon, Instruction manual and... ?
Ammo mould

What item do you combine with a Kwuarm potion (unf) to create a Weapon Poison potion?
Dragon scale dust

Besides Har-Aken, which monster has the most common drop rate to drop an Onyx?
TzKal-Zuk (Common)

How many titles are available from a Deathmatch title scroll?
Twenty titles

Is it possible to buy a Death rune from Aubury's Rune Shop in Varrock?
Yes

Is it possible to buy an Astral rune from Aubury's Rune Shop in Varrock?
Nope

What item unlocks the Squoggoth pet?
Shadowy egg

How many different skillshards do you need to create the Combatant's cape?
Nine

How many times can you upgrade a Spring Cleaner until it's the Spring Cleaner 9001? (Unlocking the base version doesn't count as an upgrade.)
Five times (Base -> 2000 -> 3000 -> 5000 -> 9000 -> 9001)

Which type of runes are required to upgrade your Death Guard from tier 70 to tier 80?
Miasma runes

Who looks after the roses and cabbages in the Edgeville Monastery, west of Edgeville?
Brother Althric

Who is the key figure in The Hand in the Sand quest?
Bert

If you use Coinshare and get a drop, into how many shards does it divide itself?
120

Besides level 70 Magic, what skill level do you need to wear a Crystal wand?
50 Agility (and the Roving Elves quest)

When obtaining a Soul Devourer slayer assignment, which master gives you the highest task amount?
Sumona

How many different team capes are obtainable ingame?
50

Who do you ask to make and wax a Sled?
Dustan

Which mountain do you go down off using a sled?
Trollweiss Mountain

During the quest 'Violet if Blue', you make a snowman For that, you need: Coal, carrot, top hat and....?
2 branches

How many different brawling gloves are obtainable in-game?
13

In runespan, which runes does siphoning a Nebula give?
Astral and Cosmic rune

How many magical thread do you need to upgrade a large rune pouch to a grasping rune pouch?
15

How many ancient bones do you need to craft a Superior energy-gathering scrimshaw?
2

How many ancient bones do you need to craft a Superior scrimshaw of vampirism?
10

What is the name of the wand rewarded on completing the Demon Slayer quest?
Avernic wand

The salesman upstairs in the fishing shop in Shilo Village named Seraval only has one item in stock. What is this item?
Ship ticket

What is a soul urn?
Soul urn is an item given to you by Kili during Kili's tasks. You fill them by killing certain monsters or by performing rituals.

To create a Shade mystic air staff, you need two items. A mystic air staff and....?
Shade skull

How many 'steel studs' do you get per steel bar?
One.

How many different cacti patches can be found in-game?
Four (Het's Oasis, Al Kharid, Menaphos and Anachronia)

How do you complete the Nex, Angel of Death achievement 'Poppin' Pillars'?
Defeat Nex, Angel of Death in a team of 7 or fewer after defeating all four pillars within 15 seconds.

By growing a Nasturtium, you protect which crops in adjecant allotment patches? (Swampletics)
Watermelons

What is the name of the wolf/dog at the Moonrise digsite?
Utu

What is the name of the collector associated with Guthix artifacts?
Artiefax

Which item is most commonly abbreviated with "DFS"?
Dragonfire shield

Can mining Platinum rocks trigger rockertunities?
No.

Can mining Primal rocks trigger rockertunities?
Yes

Which spell do you have to unlock before being able to use Weapon Special Attacks of the god staves?
Divine Storm

What is the name of the second boss in the Temple of Aminishi?
Masuta the Ascended

What is the name of the second boss in the Dragonkin Laboratory?
Verak Lith

What is the name of the second boss in the Shadow Reef?
Teraket the Necromancer

If you level up a Zamorak Godsword to level 9 and disassemble it. How many Zamorak components do you get?
Four

Which colour is a Fremennik hat, bought from Yrsa's Accoutrements?
Green

What do you get when you combine a grenwall spike with an Orange feather?
A headless arrow

During which quest do you obtain a crab amulet?
Hermit Permits


